## webapp_phase1

1. Application name: iRonMate!

2. Keywords: districts to live in New York,
          places to live near the NYU Stern School of Business,
          classify New Yorks districts.
          
3. Description of Datasets used:

          * (MANDATORY)NY Districts geoshapes, link :"https://services5.arcgis.com/GfwWNkhOj9bNBqoJ/arcgis/rest/services/nycd/FeatureServer/0/query?where=1=1&outFields=*&outSR=4326&f=geojson"
            Description: dataset used with the Google maps API for
                         draw the districts shapes based on the
                         poligon generated by their coordinates.
                         -New feature: now you can hover and the map
                         will interact, also if you click the map will
                         change depending on the district thar you
                         click, this feature is implemented for 
                         being used in further phases to show
                         information to the user
                         
          * (MANDATORY) Neighborhood Names GIS, link:"https://data.cityofnewyork.us/api/views/xyye-rtrs/rows.json"
            Descriprion: dataset used for rank the neighborhoods
                         by their distance in meters to the NYU
                         Stern School of Business. Im using the
                         lat, long of the center of the 
                         neighborhoods and their respective name,
                         the distance is calculated by one function
                         of the Googles API, and I take that distance
                         to rank the diferent neighborhoods.
                         
          * (MANDATORY) Crimes in NY, link: "https://data.cityofnewyork.us/api/views/uvyt-v4ny/rows.json"
           Description: datased used for rank the boroughs by safety.
                        In this dataset Im using the borough name and
                        the number of crimes registred in that specific
                        borough in 31 December 2015. The rank will 
                        suggest wich is the safest borough to live
                        by having the minimun number of crimes.
                        
          * (MANDATORY) Dataset contains information on New York City housing by building data, link: "https://data.cityofnewyork.us/api/views/hg8x-zxpr/rows.json"
            Description: dataset used for rank the Broughs by their
                         Extremely low income units. Im using form
                         this dataset the boroughs name and their
                         number of Extremely low income units in
                         order to suggest the most affortable
                         borough.
                         
          * (OPTIONAL) Dataset contains information of New York City air quality, link: "https://catalog.data.gov/dataset/housing-new-york-units-by-building"
            Description: dataset used for filter options
            
4. Description: This app will provide to the user a great tool
            to find his suitable district to live based on his
            preferences on: safety ,distance, and affordability
            by ranking the districts and suggesting the best
            option for the user's preferences. In this first phase
            the user will find the application HTML distribution,
            the map border by the 59 districts and the basic info.
            
            * Map View
                i. The map is located in the starting position of NYU Stern (40.7291° N, 73.9965° W).
                ii. The map shows the districts borders and the boroughs border by color, it correctly separates
                    the city  in districts and boroughs
            * Data visualization
                i. The app doesn't use any graph yet
                ii. The app doesn't use any graph yet
            * Interaction Form
                i. The application has various outputs depending on the classification
                    parameter that the user choose: the top 5 safest boroughs, the 
                    top 10 nearest neighborhoods and the top 10 cheapest boroughs 
                    (its top 10 because of lat long matter, this will be polished
                     in the next phasses) all of this outputs are in tables. Also the user now can download their 
                         tables in csv format for using them in their
                         personal purposes
                    the client can download the table in which he or
                    she is interested.
                     
                ii. Yes it has filters: the safest boroughs, the nearest 
                     neighborhoods and the cheapest boroughs
                iii. Yes it has interaction with map, the user can hover it to 
                     highlight a district and if he/she clicks over it, the
                     district will change of color or being selected.
                iv.  No, The app hasnt any interaction with data yet.
                v.
                
5. Browsers tested with the app: Microsoft Edge, Google Chrome

6. Additional info: I had some troubles with the diferent datasets
                    at the end of the contest, some of them worked
                    sometimes and sometimes not, so it became pretty
                    difficult to work on this project for me at this
                    final phase.
                

